feat: support checking local package.json (#1)
eduardoboucas/find-types: README.md

npx find-types <name of your npm module>
```

> > Note: If you do not include a module name argument, find=types will look for a package.json file in the current working directory to check for type definition availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you don't specify a module name, find-types will work with the project in the current working directory, if one exists.
```
